Fix: Covered notifications in subscritpions #3693 (prelanding) (#4087)
telefonicaid/fiware-orion: doc/manuals/user/ngsiv2_implementation_notes.md

[Top](#top)

## Covered subscriptions

The `attrs` field within `notification` specifies the sub-set of entity attributes to be included in the
notification when subscription is triggered. By default Orion only notifies attributes that exist
in the entity. For instance, if subscription is this way:

```
"notification": {
  ...
  "attrs": [
    "temperature",
    "humidity",
    "brightness"
  ]
}
```

but the entity only has `temperature` and `humidity` attributes, then `brightness` attribute is not included
in notifications.

This default behaviour can be changed using the `covered` field set to `true` this way:

```
"notification": {
  ...
  "attrs": [
    "temperature",
    "humidity",
    "brightness"
  ],
  "covered": true
}
```

in which case all attributes are included in the notification, no matter if they exist or not in the

> entity. For these attribute that doen't exist (`brightness` in this example) the `null`

Author: ```suggestion
entity. For these attributes that don't exist (`brightness` in this example) the `null`
```

> entity. For these attribute that doen't exist (`brightness` in this example) the `null`

Author: Fixed in [00307f6](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/pull/4087/commits/00307f62da479579ee8e1af5eb6d615a147bc481)
